### Aim
To verify FFT as sample interpolator..
### Theory

There are many mwthods for interpolation of samples, i. e., linear interplation, polynoimal interpolation and sline interpolation. 
These methods suffers from large approximation error. Fast Fourier transform based interpolation is discovered by Carl Friedrich Gauss. This method estimates interpolation with the help of Fourier transform by dividing large polynomial into smaller one. 

In this experiment fast Fourier transform has been used for interpolation of samples. user will enter samples of the data samples observed from any other source within the specified criterion. He/she will be able to use fast Fourier transform for interpolation of data and the outputs being generated by those codes simultaneously.
Code to be used:
 
```MATLAB Program code
FFT Calculation: m = length(y);     # Calculating the length
            n = floor((m+1)/2);  # a delay of required time is obtained
            z = fft(y)/m;
            a0 = z(1); 
            an = 2*real(z(2:n));
            a6 = z(n+1);
            bn = -2*imag(z(2:n));

```

This MATLAB program guides to compute FFT coeffcients which are used to compute polynomial coeffcient using Gauss Model.

### Procedure
This experiment can be completed by the user in following steps
Step 1: The user inputs the samples data.
Step 2: He/She will be able to observe plot of input samples.
Step 3: FFT will be performed 
Step 4: FFT coeffcints will modelled in a polynomial specified in the Gauss Model
Step 5: plot Interpolating polynomial with samples  

### Pre Test
1. Fourier Trnsform is used ?<br>
A. Scaling of samples<br>
B. Expansion of sampls<br>
<b>C.Transforning into frequency domain</b><br>
D. 1:4<br><br>

2. Sampling theorem was given by ?<br>
A. Fourier<br>
<b>B. Claude Shannon</b><br>
C. Nyquist<br>
D. None<br>

### Post Test
1. Interpolation is ?<br>
A. Finding data outside the given oints<br>
<b>B. Finding data inside the given points</b><br>
C. Drawing a line between two points<br>
D. None of these<br>

2. FFT is?<br>
A. Fourier Fractional Transfom<br>
<b>B. Fast Fourier Transform</b><br>
C. Fourier Fractal Tension<br>
D. None<br>

### References
> [1] B. Gold and L. Rabiner, Theory and Application of Digital Signal Processing, Prentice Hall, Upper Saddle River, New Jersey, 1975, page no 54.

>[2] J. Proakis and D. Manolakis, Digital Signal Processing-Principles, Algorithms, and Applications, 3rd Edition, Prentice Hall,, New Jersey, page no 408.